All right.
So now we can start
with our development process.
So in this video,
we'll cover step one
of creating the mock for the DAO
and then also injecting
the mock into the service.
Give me one second here,
just to clean up all the tabs.
Now, moving to our test section
and I'll create a new test class.
And for the name of the class
I'll call it Mock Annotation Test.
Let me expand the window here
for a second and zoom in.
And I'll start with
our spring boot test annotation tab.
I'll give it the name of our main class.
And remember we have to do
this manual configuration since our packages
are different as far as our main code
and our test class.
I'll go ahead and set up some fields
here for the application context.
I'll auto wire in a student.
And I'll also add to port
for student grades and we'll use
this a little bit later.
so I'll give a reference
here for application DAO
and I'll give the annotation at mock.
So we're effectively creating
a mock for the DAO.
So we're setting up our test double.
And I'll also define a field
here for application service.
We'll make use of the Annotation Inject Mocks
that basically injects the mock dependencies.
And now remember, this will only inject
the dependencies that are annotated with mock or spy.
It won't handle other classes
that are auto wire without those dependencies,
but again, don't worry.
I'll cover that scenario
in some upcoming videos.
All right, let's go ahead
and create a before each method.
We basically want to just initialize
a student with some given data
as far as their name and so on.
I have before each
i have student one and that's red
i wonder why.
Okay scrolling up top
I see we have it
called college student.
I want to replace that name,
college student, and college student one.
So that's the field name
that I want to use student one.
And now I can say student one,
I'll set the first name
the last name
and the email address.
And then finally I'll set the student grades
for this given student.
Okay, great.
So that kind of wraps it up
here for that before each method.